BLACK
That looks like it's... Okay.
Got to check the work.
It still lines up.
which can only mean...
Eat it. losers. I did it!
No.
We did it. Cyan.
High five!
Oh. uh...
Ooh. Glad nobody saw that.
Got to tell the others
I cracked it.
But first. a little celebration
with my one and only vice:
glowstickin'.
Hell yes. hell yes. hell yes.
hell yes. hell yes...
Hell yes. hell yes. hell yes!
Hell yes. hell yes.
Huh? Aah!
Oh. hey.
I was just on my way to...
Oh. hell no!
Oh. hell no. Hell no.
Hell no. hell no. hell no.
Okay. Black. you're gonna die.
and that sucks.
But maybe Cyan's right.
Maybe this isn't the "end" end.
Maybe I could be reincarnated
as a dwarf star or a pile
of dirt or a noodle or...
Ah. screw it.
I'm about to be nothing.
God. it sucks to be
an atheist sometimes.
Let's do this already!
Huh?
-What?
-Uh-oh.
Ow!
You got here fast.
Oh. and here's
Purple-come-lately.
Um...
-I got a wrench
and I know how to use it.
-Okay. okay.
- which one of you did it?
-Don't do
anything foolish.
I will hit you
with this pizza peel.
I'll hit you with this wrench.
All right. all right.
I know we want
to hit each other to death.
but what if we didn't?
Not happening. Green.
There's enough peel here
for you and the captain.
"Captain." Huh.
No coming back
from this one. is there?
This'll be the last time
I'll ever be allowed
to captain anything.
This is the moment
you can't come back from?
It had to reach
full-on bloodbath?
I-I don't
want to clean up
all this bloodle
by myself again.
It's big and it's everywhere.
Then we all do it.
With everybody dead.
everything's our job.
So. that's it?
We're just gonna play clean up?
We're just gonna
ignore that one of us
is clearly a killer?
Then who was it?
You should've seen
this murder happen.
You were in Security. right?
I don't have
to tell you anything.
I don't care
what you do. Purple.
but I'm going to clean up.
We owe it to our friend
and everyone.
Hey. Green.
can I borrow you broom?
Pizza peel's just spreading
stuff around...
Oh. is that a book inside Black?
It's Cyan's journal.
What was Black doing
with Cyan's journal?
I'll give it a look.
- Ow.
-No.
No more secret books.
If you can read it.
we all can read it.
Fine. As captain.
I authorize you to read it.
-Can I be
authorized. too?
- You're authorized. too.
Who cares?
Let's see.
"Being an empath is hard."
Uh... "I absorb so much
negative energy here."
"Maybe I'm drawn
to grumpy crewmates
"because I'm the only one
who can see
their childlike
longing underneath"?
Yeah. yeah. we all know that.
"I made a new friend today."
Uh. let's see.
"Maybe the ore
feels what I feel."
Huh. I don't think
ore can do that.
- Not sure this is helpful.
-Wait. look.
Isn't this... It is.
It's Black's angsty handwriting.
B-But Black hated Cyan
when they were alive.
Well. apparently. they learned
to work together in death.
Wait. the broken ore--
i-it's hollow in the center?
When the asteroid hit the ship.
it cracked open the ore.
Releasing something from inside.
Like an egg?
Eggs.
Some of the ore
we've been transporting
have been eggs this whole time!
That must be where
the alien impostors come from.
Oof. I'll get the trash bag.
- Uh...
-Maybe.
but I mean.
MIRA knew about aliens.
so they must have known
there were eggs in the ore.
and it is my job to deliver it.
If we don't accomplish that.
what's the point of any of this?
Will I have led a crew
to die in vain?
Are you seriously considering
keeping the ore?
Of course we have
to get rid of the eggs
that hatch into
shape-shifting murderers!
U-Uh. honestly. I...
Reactor alert.
Rickety overload situation
imminent.
Uh... Okay. new plan.
Fix the reactor.
argue about eggs later.
No! We figure this out now!
Purps. if we don't
all fix that reactor.
it doesn't matter
what happens with the eggs.
Ugh. fine!
Reactor Alert.
"Adios. losers!" imminent.
Red. do your captain's kick.
That'll fix it.
'Fraid it's past that point.
Gonna have to do something
way more technical.
Can you please put your hands
on these thingies
at the same time?
Uh. Captain. I don't think
I can reach both.
Curse my genes
for this pathetic wingspan!
Easy. easy.
Purple. Green.
you'll both need to do it.
-Ah.
-What? Why us?
Because I can't trust that
either of you isn't an impostor.
Can't disagree
with that logic. Cap'n.
And if we survive.
it'll be great to have
such a high-level task
on my résumé.
Okay. but what if the
impostor's you. Red? Or Green?
You want me to turn my back
and leave myself wide open
for an alien killer?
Purps also has some sound logic.
My résumé is useless
if I'm dead.
And double-useless
if I'm a killer.
"Adios. losers!" in ten. nine.
eight.
To hell with it!
seven. six.
- five.
-H-E double
hockey sticks with it.
four. three. two.
one.
-Whoa.
-Reactor "chill the F
out" sequence initiated.
Whew!
Oh. thanks for not killing me.
Right back at you. Purps.
Can't believe this is
the second time
I've had to deal
with an unstable reactor.
But it went way better
with you than Red.
Whoa! You did this with Red?
Uh. yeah. That story
I told you in the Oxygen Room?
Me? Red? The reactor meltdown?
You asked me to tell you. Green.
Oh. yeah. That story was great.
Uh. huh?
Red.
I. uh... I want
to call for a vote.
Wait. now? After I just
rallied us as a team?
Yeah. Purps. are you serious?
We all just saved each other.
I'm serious. We're voting.
And I vote Green.
Me?
Lil' ol' me?
Oh. my gosh. I mean.
I hate to do this.
But if I have to vote...
Purple is the impostor.
They successfully
prevented zero murders
when their only job was to keep
everyone safe and secure.
Purple routinely undermined
the Captain's authority
and seeded distrust
among the crew.
In fact.
just today. they were
last to arrive to a murder
and continued arguing as the
reactor was rickety overloading.
which would've killed us all.
I haven't spoken up until now
because I've tried
to stay in my lane
and be a good unpaid intern.
But I can't be
a Silent Sal any longer.
It's obviously Purple.
Hmm.
Oh. sorry.
I was waiting for them
to say something stupid
about a worm farm.
-Purple...
-It's my lived
experience.
Look. I mean. uh...
on paper. does all that
make me look suspicious?
- Yeah.
-So you admit it.
But it doesn't mean
I'm an impostor.
Because crewmates?
They make mistakes.
I've made... a lot.
Gee. must be nice to get paid
to make mistakes.
I don't have any evidence
against Green.
but I've got a hunch.
Oh. swell. A hunch!
And that hunch tells me
it's still really weird
Green doesn't remember
the very personal story
I told them about Red
100% messing up
the last time we dealt
with a reactor as interns.
Oh.
Oh. I do too remember.
And Red was right
to do what they did.
You don't. and they weren't.
Is every one of you
alien impostors so cold?
I've been nothing
but nice to everybody
every day on this ship.
My family scraped together
all their beans
to send me here
so I could get paid
literally nothing
to make zero mistakes.
get treated like garbage and--
oh. that's right--
clean up every crewmate's
dead body!
But did I ever complain?
No. I couldn't.
I put on a smile.
I needed to be good.
Because I'm not just here
representing me.
I'm here representing
my entire village.
Honest. hardworking
worm farmers.
-There it is.
-Aah!
You're so fricking mean!
It's true. Not proud of it.
And you think I'm the one
who should be shot out
into space?
I don't have any hard evidence.
It's true.
But. Red. if our friendship
ever meant anything to you.
now's the time to believe me.
This isn't easy.
Green's evidence
is crystal clear.
But I. too. have made
a lot of mistakes.
And anyone who heard that story
about me and Purple as interns
would know that I was wrong.
Damn. I hate saying that.
but it's the truth.
And I can't take it back.
All I can do--
all I'm trying to do--
is be a better captain.
a better crewmate now
than I was back then.
Green. you're the impostor.
Which. after doing some
very complex captain's math.
adds up to a vote of two to one.
Now. put this on your résumé.
you alien scum!
- Aah!
-Oh!
-Uh...
-Oh. crap.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
Keybot. Keybot. Keybot. Keybot.
Chirp.